As a team we agree to using Discord for our chats and agree that these discord conversations 
are our impromptu meetings.

By Feb. 9 we decided our roles and also contemplated 3 bosses.

Feb 13-17. We decided that Coleman would do Environment Creation and Project Management
Gabby does Interaction Programming and 2D Art and Interface
Kai does a double of Game Design

Feb 22 we decide to use Github to manage our project and decide on the project (roughly)
We decide it is a game where the main character is a toy in a bedroom.

March 3rd. We thought about a ustom player model but decidded to stick with the one we already had.

March 21. After discussions and fleshing out of the idea the main village will have a goblin/wizard assistant
that helps the player out and the village ccomes from a giant toy box (put-together playset)

April 12. We added the 2d art to the toybox and kept designing the village and the bedroom to incorporate the
enemies which Gabby and Kai were trying to develop. We decided to change the bosses to a couple challenges.

April 22. We finished the main environment and went onto polishing it out while Gabby and Kai were working on
getting their stuff finished to hopefully merge by next week.

April 29. After talking over between the three of us, the merge date got moved to May 5 as they were having 
some issues on their ends.

April 30. The main tool, the Umbrella was still not complete from the Game Designer so that caused a delay in work.

May 1. We decided to implement Mario-style combat as that would work best with the parkour systems we were
already adding.

May 2. We agreed on adding a game over screen instead of kicking the player out of the game entirely and 
implemented it along with a pause menu screen in short time.

May 3. We confirmed the Godmode will allow the player to travel fast, use K to get to the game over screen,
and have an easier time to win.

May 5. After discussions the time of implementing all the features got ddelayed to the 7th.

May 8. We merged and submitted the game after several final edits.


